laughs in T on lip glosses are evolving
and I'm going to show you how you can
get two completely different makeup
looks using two contrasting shades
before i go on to the gloss I've already
made up my eyes I've used an illusion
Dom number 83 aloo soir and I've used
the long lasting eyeliner pencil in
black the first year I'm going to choose
is seashell and this is number 87 this
is a very very pretty pale pink with
golden pearl
just to apply it straight from the
applicator it's a nice small sponge it's
very easy to apply that so this shade
looks and I think it's a really easy
wearable soft and pretty look I've
paired it with the new nail polish taboo
number 58 3 and I think it's a really
great dramatic shade that gives a good
contrast the next shade i'm going to use
is savage grace and this is as you can
see a much deeper purpley red with
violet pearl and instantly there's a
really good color payoff
once you've got the color on you can use
the tip of the applicator to gently
shape the lips and you can see how this
much more dramatic deep shade of gloss
completely changes the feel of my makeup
and yet it still works well with the
taboo nail polish I think that's what's
really nice about the Leveson t on range
are so many diverse colors and each one
can completely change your look
you